This is Suspenders, the thoughtbot rails template.

To create a new project, first install the suspenders gem:

  gem install suspenders

Then run:

  suspenders create projectname

This will create a project in ../projectname.  You should then follow the
instructions on Github to upload that project there.  This creates an
entirely new git repository, and is not meant to be used against an existing
repo.

When making a change to a project that was created via this template, consider
whether it's a change that should be made across all projects.  If so, then
make the change in suspenders instead of your project.  Note: If you don't
have commit access to suspenders, create a github ticket and we'll review your
suggestion.

Once that's committed, you can pull into your project to get all the changes 
that have been made in suspenders since your last pull:

  rake git:pull:suspenders

About Suspenders
----------------

Suspenders was created for use at thoughtbot, inc. (http://thoughtbot.com) as a
baseline application setup, with reasonable default plugins that the majority
(if not all) of our applications used, as well as best-practice configuration
options.

Suspenders currently includes a version of Rails from the 2.3 stable branch.
You can determine the changeset with the vendor/rails/REVISION_xxxxx file.

Gems (unpacked in vendor/gems, unless they are compiled gems):
--------------------------------------------------------------

For record pagination:

  will_paginate

For text formatting:

  RedCloth (4.2.2, not unpacked, this is a compiled gem)

Form builder:

  Formtastic

File attachments:

  Paperclip

Basic user auth:

  Clearance

For testing:

  jferris-mocha (standard mocha plus test spies)
  factory_girl (fixture replacement for test data)
  shoulda (rails test helpers and context framework)
  timecop (for time sensitive tests)
  fakeweb (for blocking HTTP calls to third-party services)

Error notification:

  hoptoad_notifier

Plugins (in vendor/plugins):
----------------------------

  limerick_rake (useful rake tasks)
  validation_reflection (used by formtastic to find required fields)
  high_voltage (Rails engine for static pages)

Initializers (in config/initializers)
-------------------------------------

  action_mailer_configs.rb
  We use SMTP by default in all applications.

  hoptoad.rb
  Get your API key at http://hoptoadapp.com
  
  requires.rb
  Automatically requires everything in
    lib/
    lib/extensions
    test/mocks/RAILS_ENV (Removed in Rails 2, we decided to keep it)
  Add other things you need to require in here.

  time_formats.rb
  Two time formats are available by default, :short_date and :long_date.
  Add other time formats here.
  
Rake Tasks
----------

Rake tasks are contained in the limerick_rake gem.

  bootstrap
  Provides rake tasks for loading data into the database.  These are used for
  an initial application dataset needed for production.
  
  capistrano
  Standard capistrano deployment tasks
  
Testing
-------

Testing is done utilizing Test::Unit, Shoulda, factory_girl, and mocha.

factory_girl is a fixture replacement library, following the factory pattern.
Place your factories in test/factories.rb.  The fixture directory has been
removed, as fixtures are not used.

Shoulda is a pragmatic testing framework for TDD and BDD built on top of
Test::Unit.  A number of additional testing macros are provided in
test/shoulda_macros:

  shoulda_have_form
  shoulda_paginate_collection

Timecop is used to freeze the time for the entire test suite. It is frozen to
the value of Time.now; that is, the time that the tests suite starts running.

Deployment
----------

Deployment is done using capistrano, and deploys to a mongrel cluster, running
under Apache.

Rake tasks are provided for managing git branches which the different
environments pull from for deploy.

To push the git master to git staging branch run:

  rake git:push:staging

To push the git staging branch to production branch run:

  rake git:push:production

Setup your deployment environment by running:

  cap ENVIRONMENT deploy:setup
  (You'll be prompted for the environment's database password)

Deploy to the desired environment by running:

  cap ENVIRONMENT deploy
  
The default environment for deploy is staging, to deploy to staging, just run:

  cap deploy

Mascot
------

The official Suspenders mascot is Suspenders Boy:

  http://media.tumblr.com/1TEAMALpseh5xzf0Jt6bcwSMo1_400.png
